[Music]
six awesome tips to make your feet look
fabulous our feet go through a tough
time every day with all the rush of
modern life long lines and uncomfortable
Footwear which can lead to discomfort
and affect our overall health that's why
you need to take extra care of your feet
and toenails to keep them in tip-top
condition here's the most useful foot
care tips to make your feet and toenails
look gorgeous
number six keep your feet dry one of the
basic principles of hygiene is to keep
your feet dry since moist conditions
create a favorable environment for
fungus to grow do the following to keep
your feet dry don't wear the same pair
of shoes several days in a row wipe your
feet thoroughly with a towel after
taking a shower choose shoes made from
natural materials that will let your
skin breathe by the way we've also put
together some proven ways to stop your
favorite shoes from hurting your feet
don't miss them out number five trim
your toenails properly improperly
trimmed nails may result in ingrown
toenails which can be quite painful here
are some useful tips to keep this away
always trim your toenails straight
across don't round the corners don't cut
your toenails too short it may result in
ingrown toenails or an infection avoid
cutting your cuticles you can gently
push them back towards the base of your
nail with an orange wood stick
[Music]
number four keep your toenails healthy
this procedure will help you relieve
ingrown toenail pain one add one
tablespoon of salt to four cups of water
to soak your feet in warm water for 15
to 20 minutes three place clean dental
floss under the edge of your nail and
lift it up gently for treat the area
with antiseptic five banded you toe to
protect it from getting infected
repeat this process daily until your toe
is fully healed
if these procedures are not making your
toenail any better and you see some
signs of infection you should see a
doctor immediately
number three soak your feet in warm
water to make your feet look gorgeous
and your heels for baby soft soak your
feet in warm water for fifteen to twenty
minutes once a week you can use
different ingredients to re-energize
your feet such as salt essential oils or
herbal infusions also use a foot scrub
or pumice stone to remove dry and dead
skin from your feet after work
[Music]
number two moisturize your feet it's
best to use creams that contain
emollients such as dimethicone lanolin
and Vaseline as well as moisturizing
ingredients such as glycerin and
lecithin and never moisturize the area
between toes as it can cause fungus
number one massage your feet foot
massage is the best remedy to get rid of
fatigue improve blood circulation and
keep your feet healthy you can buy a
special massager or place an ordinary
tennis ball or any other round object
under your foot and start rolling it
back and forth from your toes to your
heel now here's the bonus wearing a new
pair of shoes is almost always a painful
experience so we put together some soul
saving tips that will keep your feet
healthy one sticking plasters this is
the most obvious solution to the problem
but it works perfectly
apply sticking plasters to your hot
spots before leaving the house to reduce
friction and prevent blisters from
forming on your feet the surface area of
the sticking-plaster should be bigger
than the affected area so that it stays
in place to baby powder to reduce
friction between your feet and shoes use
baby powder just sprinkle some baby
powder into your pumps before putting
them on this also works if you're not
wearing any socks with your shoes
however in this case your feet should be
completely dry
three hair dryer and thick socks put on
a pair of thick socks and shove your
feet into your shoes take a hair dryer
and run it over the tight parts of your
shoes until they feel a little better
next walk around in the shoes until it
completely cool repeat the procedure if
needed the material will expand from the
heat and become more flexible and soft
keep in mind that the trick works only
with natural materials such as leather
for deodorant the lateral part of your
foot heel bone and toes suffer the most
when you put on your newly purchased
heels or flats to reduce friction
between your feet and shoes apply some
roll-on or stick deodorants to the
problem areas 5 silicone insoles you can
buy silicone insoles and shoe shops
orthopedic stores and even online there
are two types full-length insoles to
protect the whole sole and half ones can
be used only under your toes or heel so
you can choose the insoles that fit your
needs 6 plastic bag with water fill 2
plastic bags with water put them in the
toe of each shoe then place them in the
freezer and leave overnight as the water
freezes it will expand in the bag and
stretch the shoe when you take your
pumps out the following day you'll
notice that they have become wider 7
silicone heel inserts to avoid
irritation and prevent blisters from
forming on your heels use special
silicone pads you can buy them in any
shoe store or online
eight tape the third and fourth toes
together this may sound strange but if
you tape your third and fourth toes
counting from the big toe together you
will feel more comfortable in your pumps
this trick works we checked it number
nine
give your feet a little break do you
have to wear stilettos to work every day
then keep a pair of comfortable flats
and slippers at your desk let your legs
relax take off your heels and put on
slippers when you are sitting at your
desk 10 a wedge is an alternative to a
high-heeled if wearing high heels every
day feels like torture for you or if
your new pumps keep causing you a lot of
pain then you need to pay attention to
wedges they're easy to walk in and more
stable don't forget to hit the like
button below to help us make more videos
for you and click Subscribe to stay on
the bright side of life